we stand in the shadow of death the Lord
is our God our God so much that I'll
check the streets back so fast everybody
stays in it's not gone last I got bad
news bad news from my [ __ ] now I'm
like the 86 Brooklyn biggest [ __ ] fry
cook cope with [ __ ] operate over
stones and I brought extra [ __ ] Drake
down in the Moose Lake [ __ ] you [ __ ]
around and get your home inside do you
to pop back because planes trying to
come about that everything where my cat
for you
trucks like is that good stuff this is -
motor we moving like dogs
go-karts boa Sports Illustrated Dodger
watch get the blade rip bunnies [ __ ]
fade apart the part when you see star
slow a regular [ __ ] is up for sale uh
manually the better-looking the door
anything a monster silver back gorilla
pop though I sleep outside the thing it
repeats that now you don't you got the
biggest dog and we bring it back this
one's out we roll on you so you show
make it shine let's put a hole get my
mama's side the seat smart got a six in
the back every night since the last time
I left
Taplow the gentleman said hey boo for
April get drunk you take the low chair
red [ __ ] phone hot or perfume bottles
blow a hole through acabo Flintstone of
Amazon Wish [ __ ] I became a leader the
day this old school nickel plate the
burn in my head cuz I was very eager big
stories we tell jailhouse rock that
supreme clientele freaks we buy sell we
made it was always fair post bail when
they ran a [ __ ] Santa house
to a black girl power Lord no socks
wagons on Ian Alice mawatha limpid or
flush sofas big talkers on the wall
double expose his ghost is MC ultra
sleepy surprised by the size I'm almost
the fish the reason why I'll be this is
now [ __ ] cuz I own four six new here
[ __ ] I'll expose you quit [ __ ]
around and get your waffle split down
Rockaway my [ __ ] back big lag go that
was rich feeling like a bad Perry when I
tried those chance buddy a [ __ ] man
just like the novel's dead introduced
and now new dog the dog the biggest dog
and we bring it back this one's out we
military control on you town you don't
know so you saw make it shine this is
for the whole kit my mama's side see
it's mark kind of six in the back every
night
[Music]
[Applause]